You will notice that the given Bunny class defines two attributes. 
The first attribute is a int variable named age, and the second attribute is a String variable named name - 
so each Bunny object will know its *name and its *age*. The Bunny class also defines three operations. 
The first operations is a method named hop, the second operation is a method named eat, and the third operation is a 
method named sleep - so each Bunny will be able to *hop*, *Eat*, and *sleep*.

It can be very helpful to write some code in the main method to test the methods you are writing. It can also be 
helpful to submit your code for auto-grading after completing each part, and to make sure that you pass the Structure 
and Logic tests for each part before moving on to the next part.

-> Part 01 - Make Bunny

For this part you must write a public static method named makeBunny. This method will take two arguments. 
The first argument will be a String and the second argument will be an int. This method must instantiate a new 
Bunny object, then store the first argument value in the Bunny object's name attribute, and store the second argument 
value in the Bunny object's age attribute. Finally, this method must must return the new Bunny object.

After you have finished wring this method, Run your code to find and then fix any syntax errors. 
You may also wish to write some other code (in the main method) to call and test your method(s). 
When you are confident that your method is structurally and logically correct, then submit your code to the 
auto-grader for feedback. Your code should pass Structure test 1 and Logic tests 1.1 and 1.2 before you continue.

-> Part 02 - Display Info

For this part you must write a public static method named displayInfo. This method will take a Bunny reference as an 
argument, and it will return nothing. When called, and a Bunny named Flopsy and with an age of 3 is passed as an 
argument this method will print out to the terminal, a message exactly like the following:

Flopsy is a 3 year old bunny.

If this method is called with a Bunny with a different name (like Mopsy) and a different age (like 5), 
then the message will be different, like this:

Mopsy is a 5 year old bunny.

After you have finished wring this method, Run your code to find and then fix any syntax errors. 
You may also wish to write some other code (in the main method) to call and test your method(s). 
When you are confident that your method is structurally and logically correct, then submit your code to the 
auto-grader for feedback. Your code should pass Structure test 2 and Logic tests 2.1 and 2.2 before you continue.

-> Part 03 - Have Birthday

For this part you must write a public static method named haveBirthday. This method will take a Bunny as an argument, 
and it will return nothing. This method will simply increase the value of the age attribute of the Bunny object by 1.

Remember that, as non-primitive data types, Bunny objects are passed by reference to methods. This means that the 
method will have access to make changes to the original Bunny object. So, if we call this method and pass, as an 
argument, a Bunny object with an age of 3, then after this method returns, the value stored in the Bunny object's age 
attribute will be 4.

After you have finished wring this method, Run your code to find and then fix any syntax errors. You may also wish to 
write some other code (in the main method) to call and test your method(s). When you are confident that your method is 
structurally and logically correct, then submit your code to the auto-grader for feedback. 
Your code should pass Structure test 3 and Logic tests 3.1 and 3.2 before you continue.

-> Part 04 - Change Name

For this part you must write a public static method named changeName. This method will take a Bunny as its first 
argument, and a String as its second argument, and it will return nothing. This method will simply replace the value 
of the name attribute of the Bunny object with the value of the second argument.

Remember that, as non-primitive data types, Bunny objects are passed by reference to methods. 
This means that the method will have access to make changes to the original Bunny object. So, if we call this method 
and pass, as an argument, a Bunny object with a name of "Flopsy" and a second argument value of "Mopsy", then after 
this method returns, the value stored in the Bunny object's name attribute will be "Mopsy".

After you have finished wring this method, Run your code to find and then fix any syntax errors. 
You may also wish to write some other code (in the main method) to call and test your method(s). 
When you are confident that your method is structurally and logically correct, then submit your code to the 
auto-grader for feedback. Your code should pass Structure test 4 and Logic tests 4.1 and 4.2 before you continue.

-> Part 05 - Feed Bunny

For this part you must write a public static method named feed. This method will take four arguments and return nothing. 
The first argument will be a Bunny. The next three arguments will all be String values. The three String values will 
be types of food, with the first being the appetizer, the second being the main course, and the third being a dessert. 

This method will call the eat method of the Bunny object that is passed as the first argument three times. 
The first time the eat method is called the appetizer String will be passed as the argument to the eat method. 
The second time the eat method is called the main course String will be passed as the argument to the eat method. 
The third time the eat method is called the dessert String will be passed as the argument to the eat method.

After you have finished wring this method, Run your code to find and then fix any syntax errors. You may also wish to 
write some other code (in the main method) to call and test your method(s). When you are confident that your method is 
structurally and logically correct, then submit your code to the auto-grader for feedback. Your code should pass 
Structure test 5 and Logic tests 5.1 and 5.2 before you continue.

-> Part 06 - Play

For this part you must write a public static method named play. This method will take a Bunny as an argument, and it 
will have no return value. This method will first call the hop method of the Bunny object that is passed as the 
argument. This method will then call the eat method of the Bunny object twice - the first time passing the String 
value "lettuce" as the argument, and the second time passing the String value "carrots" as the argument. Finally, 
this method will call the sleep method of the Bunny object.

After you have finished wring this method, Run your code to find and then fix any syntax errors. You may also wish to 
write some other code (in the main method) to call and test your method(s). When you are confident that your method is 
structurally and logically correct, then submit your code to the auto-grader for feedback. Your code should pass 
Structure test 6 and Logic tests 6.1 and 6.2 before you continue.
