1.1 - What is computer Science?

    Questions for 1.1
1. What is computer science?
2. What is a computer?
3. what is a algorithm?
4. What is programming?
5. what is a program?
6. what is a programming language?
7. what is java?
8. what is a java program?
9. How is CS and programming differnet from each other endeavors?



Algorithm - A list of instructions that, when followed, solves a problem.
Computer - can take information from the outside of it and can process instructions of data to do a task.
Program - is a set of instructions written in a language that a computer can execute to solve a problem.

    Types of Programming Languages
Machine Language
Compiled Language
Interpreted Language

The programmer-created sequence of instructions is called a program, application, or just app.

Using the above approach, an executable can only run on a particular processor type (like an x86 processor); 
to run a program on multiple processor types, the programmer must have the compiler generate multiple executables. 
Some newer high-level languages like Java use an approach that allows the same executable to run on different processor types. 
The approach involves having the compiler generate an executable using machine instructions of a "virtual" processor, such an executable is sometimes called bytecode. 
Then, the real processor runs a program, sometimes called a virtual machine, that executes the instructions in the bytecode. 
Such an approach may yield slower program execution, but has the advantage of portable executables.

    Basic Elements of a Algorithm
Sequence: Instructions are followed in a specific order, top to bottom.
Decision: if a condition is met, different subsets of instructions are followed.
Iteration: Instructions are repeated while a condition is met. These are often referred to as "Loops".

    Complex Algorithms 
Stacking: Listing algorithm structures(instructions, decisions, and loop) in sequential order.
Nesting: Instructions, decisions and loops can be listed as the target of decisions and loops. This allows for exponential complexity.

    Pseudocode 
This idea of using a simplified version of English (or any other human language) to work out and express your algorithm is called pseudocode.

    Flowchart
A graphical representation of an algorithm that uses few words and simple symbols to make a process easier to understand.

        Flowchart symbols
    Oval - The start point or the end point of an algorithm
    Rectangle - represents a step in process or algorithm
    Parallelogram - input or ouput
    Diamond - represents a decision
    A Line w/ Arrow - is a connector that represents the flow through the steps of the process or algorithm.

Syntax is the set of rules of define the structure of how sentences or statements are formed.
Semantics is the meaning of a sentence or statement.

Programming Languages
    Are simple and unambiguous
    Are context free
    What you say is what you mean type of thing ; int is always intager.

//      -> Singal Line Comment
/* */   -> multiple line Comment

